feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49826)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/641da9aceb788e49a73ebcc9.md

---
id: 641da9aceb788e49a73ebcc9
title: Step 24
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-24
---

# --description--

> Now, you need to add a click event listener to the "Load More Authors" button. In step 1, you selected the button and put it inside the variable `loadMoreBtn`.
> 
> Add a `click` event type to the "Load More Authors" button, then fill in the `fetchMoreAuthors` function as the function to run.
> 
> If you click the button after adding the event listener correctly, you should see 8 more authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that in step 1 you selected the `Load More Authors` button and assigned it to `loadMoreBtn`.

Use `addEventListener` to add a `click` event listener to `loadMoreBtn`. Also, pass in a reference to the `fetchMoreAuthors` function to run whenever the button is clicked.

After that, when you click the button you should see 8 more authors.
```

---
id: 641da9aceb788e49a73ebcc9
title: Step 23
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-23
---

# --description--

Remember that in step 1 you selected the `Load More Authors` button and assigned it to `loadMoreBtn`.

Use `addEventListener` to add a `click` event listener to `loadMoreBtn`. Also, pass in a reference to the `fetchMoreAuthors` function to run whenever the button is clicked.

After that, when you click the button you should see 8 more authors.

# --hints--

You should call the `addEventListener()` method on your `loadMoreBtn` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /loadMoreBtn\.addEventListener\(/)
```

Your event listener should listen for a `click` event.

```js
assert.match(code, /loadMoreBtn\.addEventListener\(('|"|`)click\1/)
```

Your event listener should take `fetchMoreAuthors` as the function to run.

```js

> assert.match(code, /loadMoreBtn\.addEventListener\(('|"|`)click\1,\s+fetchMoreAuthors\);?/)

Reviewer 2: This code should be allowed to pass if the camper doesn't add a space between the event name and the function

```
loadMoreBtn.addEventListener("click",fetchMoreAuthors)
```

```suggestion
assert.match(code, /loadMoreBtn\.addEventListener\(('|"|`)click\1,\s*fetchMoreAuthors\);?/)
```
